forensics/README.md, before:

# Forensics

## Easy Challenges
| Challenge Name  | Description | Hint
|:-- | :-- | :---
| [stolen-data](stolen-data) | Someone accessed the server and stole the flag.  Use the network packet cature for find it. | Look for unusual ports.
| [speedy-at-midi](speedy-at-midi) | Can you find the right tool to extract the hidden data? | You wouldn't have the audacity to try using a MIDI editor, would you?
|  |  |

## Medium Challenges
| Challenge Name  | Description | Hint
|:-- | :-- | :---
| [data-backup](data-backup) | The backup of our data was somehow corrupted.  Recover the data and be rewarded with a flag. | Try a tool a surgeon might use.
| [recent-memory](recent-memory)   | Use the memory image in the Google drive link below.  An attacker left behind some evidence in the network connections.  Follow the attacker's tracks to find the flag. https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1ubSx3pwHOSZ9oCShHBPToVdHjTev7hXL | Try connecting to the attacker's system.
|  |  |



## Hard Challenges
| Challenge Name  | Description | Hint
|:-- | :-- | :---
| [infected](infected) | A host on the network was infected with a remote access trojan.  A memory image of the host can be found here: https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1YJN9tqjKSIRcYD3Wb4ZH1xo2DlnCuJEB | No hints.
| [corrupted-file](corrupted-file) | There is something wrong with this pdf file. It says it is corrupted. | No hints.
|  |  |

Commit message:

Added Forensics challenge "scavenger-hunt"

forensics/README.md, after:

# Forensics

## Easy Challenges
| Challenge Name  | Description | Hint
|:-- | :-- | :---
| [stolen-data](stolen-data) | Someone accessed the server and stole the flag.  Use the network packet cature for find it. | Look for unusual ports.
| [speedy-at-midi](speedy-at-midi) | Can you find the right tool to extract the hidden data? | You wouldn't have the audacity to try using a MIDI editor, would you?
|  |  |

## Medium Challenges
| Challenge Name  | Description | Hint
|:-- | :-- | :---
| [data-backup](data-backup) | The backup of our data was somehow corrupted.  Recover the data and be rewarded with a flag. | Try a tool a surgeon might use.
| [recent-memory](recent-memory)   | Use the memory image in the Google drive link below.  An attacker left behind some evidence in the network connections.  Follow the attacker's tracks to find the flag. https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1ubSx3pwHOSZ9oCShHBPToVdHjTev7hXL | Try connecting to the attacker's system.
|[scavenger-hunt](scavenger-hunt) | My friend told me he hid a flag for me on this server!Username: jersey Password: securepassword |If only there were a way to see all folders... even hidden ones. I wonder where passwords are typically stored on ssh servers


## Hard Challenges
| Challenge Name  | Description | Hint
|:-- | :-- | :---
| [infected](infected) | A host on the network was infected with a remote access trojan.  A memory image of the host can be found here: https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1YJN9tqjKSIRcYD3Wb4ZH1xo2DlnCuJEB | No hints.
| [corrupted-file](corrupted-file) | There is something wrong with this pdf file. It says it is corrupted. | No hints.
|  |  |
