web/README.md, before:

# Web

## Easy Challenges
| Challenge Name  | Description | Hint
|:-- | :-- | :---
| [apache-logs](apache-logs) | There is suspicion that an external host was able to access a sensitive file accidentally placed in one of the company website's directories. | Which directory types should sensitive files not be placed in?
| [seigwards-secrets](seigwards-secrets) | Seigward has been storing his secrets on his website for decades. Hasn't failed him yet. | Where can you find a website's code?
|  |  | 

## Medium Challenges
| Challenge Name  | Description | Hint
|:-- | :-- | :---
| [buster](buster) | Check out my new site, it has lots of cool pages! | What do HTTP response codes actually mean?
| [heres-my-password](heres-my-password) | We have a list of 500 users (males, females, and pets) and one password. Log-in with the proper credentials for the flag. | This is not intended to require manual brute force. What are some other types of brute force methods?
| [road-not-taken](road-not-taken) | You've reached a fork in the road! Choose the right path to find your way to the flag. | Recent CVEs may help you find your way. 


## Hard Challenges
| Challenge Name  | Description | Hint
|:-- | :-- | :---
|  |  | 
|  |  | 
|  |  |

Commit message:

Add web challenge cookie-factory

web/README.md, after:

# Web

## Easy Challenges
| Challenge Name  | Description | Hint
|:-- | :-- | :---
| [apache-logs](apache-logs) | There is suspicion that an external host was able to access a sensitive file accidentally placed in one of the company website's directories. | Which directory types should sensitive files not be placed in?
| [seigwards-secrets](seigwards-secrets) | Seigward has been storing his secrets on his website for decades. Hasn't failed him yet. | Where can you find a website's code?
|  |  | 

## Medium Challenges
| Challenge Name  | Description | Hint
|:-- | :-- | :---
| [buster](buster) | Check out my new site, it has lots of cool pages! | What do HTTP response codes actually mean?
| [heres-my-password](heres-my-password) | We have a list of 500 users (males, females, and pets) and one password. Log-in with the proper credentials for the flag. | This is not intended to require manual brute force. What are some other types of brute force methods?
| [road-not-taken](road-not-taken) | You've reached a fork in the road! Choose the right path to find your way to the flag. | Recent CVEs may help you find your way. 


## Hard Challenges
| Challenge Name  | Description | Hint
|:-- | :-- | :---
| [cookie-factory](cookie-factory) | Here at Granny's Old-Fashioned Home-Baked Cookie Factory, we pride ourselves on our cookies AND security being the best in the business. | None, this is a hard challenge
|  |  | 
|  |  |
